# 3 AM thoughts

I guess I've finally gotten around to starting a blog. Hello.. World?

Anyways, welcome to my little corner of the internet. Here, you will find my (often incoherent) ramblings on topics, whose nature is usually determined by my wildly fluctuating mood.

I don't know if I can post here regularly, its hard enough maintaining a consistent sleep schedule (as indicated by the title). 

At this time however, I feel like I'm in a meditative state, capable of pondering and introspecting. There's a different quality to the silence at this hour, almost as if the world itself has gone to sleep.
Its quite interesting how the very action of just staying alive creates 'sound'. Although these sounds may be inaudible individually, in a classroom of hundereds, it feels 'full', even if there is no discernible conversation.
Tiny movements, clothes brushing against the skin make minuscule noises that contribute to the general auditory atmosphere. That's what I would describe it as: an atomosphere.
Maybe its these sounds that are needed for a sense of comfort, a feeling that you are not completely isolated. I have definitely noticed the effect of this.
During Thanksgiving Break, a majority of the students left for their homes, while I decided to stay on campus. Being a lover of silence, I quite liked it the first day, as I could be with myself and take a breather.
Not for long, though. I soon found myself actively seeking any form of human contact, but finding none. Those were a few distressing days to say the least, but it completely changed my outlook on isolation and company.
After that, I don't think I have ever found myself doing anything alone, until now. Some time with yourself can be a great thing, but at the end, you need people. 
It makes sense why its an evolutionary trait, for the isolated ones could have been the first ones to have been wiped out.

This was refreshing, to say the least. I will definitely try to make this work. Let's see how far we can get.
